don't name category "grow a tree", but rather "model a tree"
needs "newly available level" icon (not drawn to click initial level)
"click next" as first intro to content is... intriguing? Could use a "hello" or something (to acknowledge you didn't accidentally drop in to the middle)
"this time watch the numbers" should be worded... better
"keep an eye on the data" should explicitly draw the link between "the numbers" and "the simulated data" (show they correspond)
graph should be labeled with - = simulated data, o = collected data
label the workspace as "The Model" or something
"this model is a good representation of our data" should follow up with "we should see what our model says will happen next"
green check with rays coming out looks like "pay attention to me!" when it's really "stop paying attention to me!"
should model something with very explicit, coherent units. though, that changes the abstraction of rate to something useless...
incorrect data point should pulse with red x, so should the number on the incorrect module
value parser should regex validate a mathematical expression, then execute it (for example, 1/10 should be appropriate)
simulation numbers on graph should be color of graph(?)
graphs don't render negative numbers successfully (probably fine?)
keyboard focus issue not fixed!!! (tab is fine- but clicking anywhere outside of game loses keyboard)
"rate" level defaults to "fast", which is a bit much (but maybe opportunity to explicitly see speed functions?)
auto-title "create nodes" levels' nodes
"build a tree"- confident it's beatable by someone sat in front of computer, but it's unpleasant to do ("why am I fiddling with this" -> don't need a narrative/challenge/fun justification, need a trust that this fiddling is actually building to something)
preamble with "We've observed this _greenhouse effect_, and have reason to believe it is caused proportionately by _cars_ and _cows_, but our current model doesn't add up..."
(specifically "chain reactions") "this model is a good match for our data" pops up and takes over the screen (like "nothing more to see here!") even though that's _precisely when things are starting to get good_
wtf is "polynomial growth" level?
"pool" never used- confusing

OLD TODO
highlighting editor ui should pause
highlighting editor ui shouldn't pass through to screen dragger
selected module
colored modules/graphs
random color on create
auto-select title on create
mask and draw circle modules

undo
objects vs relationships
max/min fiasco

fix later level talking
intro screen
graph bounce on correct/shake on incorrect
relationship shows pooling
graph scrolls
